- [Instructor] Before we explore Git Workflows,
let's talk a bit about who the course is for
and what you'll need to know ahead of time.
If you're a software developer,
this course can teach you more about how your team
uses Git to manage their source code.
If you're just starting out your career,
it can prepare you to collaborate on source code
with other developers in the workplace.
That way you'll be comfortable
with your team's workflow and can merge that code
you've been working on into your team's Git Repository.
More experienced developers can use this course
to get an overview of the Git workflows available
to them that they can put in place for their team.
And if you're not a developer,
but work closely with a development team,
you'll gain a better understanding
of their processes for shipping code
and some strategies used to perform releases.
There's a few things you'll need for this course.
This course is great for developers
who want to learn techniques
for collaborating better with Git.
However, it shouldn't be your first time using Git.
So, if you haven't learned basic Git commands yet,
check out the LinkedIn Learning Library
for an introductory course on Git.
If you want to follow along with the course,
you'll need to have Git installed on your workstation
running the operating system of your choice.
We'll be using GitHub throughout the course.
So you'll need a GitHub account.
Also, we'll take a look at feature flags
using LaunchDarkly.
So if you want to follow along
with that part of the course you'll need a trial account
or you can just watch those parts.
That's all you'll need to get through the course.
I'll handle the rest.